Dear {{name}},

Thank you very much for your PyCon 2020 talk proposal,
"{{title}}".

Unfortunately, your talk was not one of the ones selected to appear at
PyCon 2020.

Each year brings more talk submissions than the year before, and this
year was no exception. Both the quantity and the quality of proposals
we received were extraordinary. We only have 95 spaces in the schedule,
and we had to make many hard choices.

New this year, you can request feedback after March 1st by sending an
email to pycon-program-committee@python.org with the subject line:
TALK FEEDBACK and your talk’s title. This will be a slow process this
year, and it might take a while to get back to you.

The included feedback will be based on your talk’s scores in the first
round of voting, and will indicate if your talk made it to the second
round. I can tell you that the vast majority of feedback will be that
you just missed out in the final cut as many talks were still being
considered when the final selections were made. Again, you can request
this feedback beginning on March 1st. Please make sure the subject line
is correct, as requests with the wrong subject or prior to March 1st will
get missed by our process.

I hope you still decide to attend PyCon! It's an amazing conference,
and we still have several avenues by which you could deliver your
material. Lightning talks are quick, five-minute talks on any topic,
and open spaces provide dedicated rooms for informal, unscheduled
proposals and discussions.

Many subjects that aren't good fits for formal, scheduled talks are
excellent subjects for open spaces! If you have a passion for your topic,
then scheduling and hosting an open space is a great way to connect with
others who share your interest. You can learn more about open spaces on
the PyCon website, https://us.pycon.org/2020/events/open-spaces/

If you plan to come, you should register at
https://us.pycon.org/2020/registration/ as soon as possible. We have
a limited number of tickets, and we expect to sell out.

If you have any other questions, comments, or feedback, please feel
free to contact the Program Committee Chairs (pycon-program-committee@python.org).

On behalf of the PyCon staff, I want to thank you again for your
submission. You made our job of picking talks very hard, and the
conference will be better for it.

I hope to see you in Cleveland!



Jason Myers
Jackie Kazil
Lorena Mesa
Program Chairs, PyCon 2020
pycon-program-committee@python.org


